docs: clarify Granite test app connection steps and add dev server check reminder (#24)
toss/granite: docs/guides/quick-start/create-your-app.md

### 5.2 Run Your App

1. **Open your iOS Simulator** (or Android Emulator)
2. **Launch the Granite test app** from your simulator
3. **Connect to your development server:**

>    - Ensure your `npm run dev` is still running in the terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Ensure your `granite dev` is still running in the terminal
```
